chore(curriculum): add transcripts to working with file systems lecture (#58260)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/lecture-working-with-file-systems/672ac37104dc2530a769e6a4.md

Watch the lecture video and answer the questions below.

# --transcript--

What are best practices for naming files for web applications?

As you start to build out your own web applications, you will need to be mindful of what you name your files.

You will want to name your files in a way that is easy to understand and maintain.

Let's take a look at some examples of good and bad file names for HTML files. Note that the `.html` extension in these examples tells us that this is an HTML file.

> Here is an example of bad file name: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is an example of a bad file name: 
```

```md
index1234.html
```

By the name alone, it is not clear what the file is about. This file could be for a products page, blog page, or any other type of page but we don't know that from the file name.

Here is an example of a better file name for an HTML file:

```md
about-us.html
```

By using a more descriptive name like `about-us.html`, it is clear what the file is about.

> You will also notice in this file name that there are no spaces. Instead, you use a hyphen, `-`, to separate the words. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will also notice in this file name that there are no spaces. Instead, you use a hyphen, (`-`), to separate the words. 
```

Author: Previously added scripts use both parentheses and commas (not at the same time), so I think it's fine to leave it as is.

Sometimes you might see a file name called `index.html`. This is a special file name that is used to represent the main page of a website. When you visit a website, the `index.html` file is the first file that is loaded.

> Some other things to consider when naming files are the use of special characters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another important consideration when naming files is the use of special characters.
```
